Usually angry
Even nerves
The blood-red double evil has summoned this artifact
But one of them is a top-notch magic weapon
Both are better than their ultimate weapons
The yellow-haired boy of this Tianzong
I'm afraid I'm going to be buried here today
It just shows you the power of theft
It's over. It's over.
This master antelope of Jin Danqi must die without a doubt
OK
Then let me see how strong you are
Yanlai
What time is it?
Why are you still summoning this broken ring?
Hurry up and admit defeat
This is your Tianzong sports
A broken arrow that is not even as good as a normal weapon
A cultivation method that is inferior to even ordinary tools
Are you too embarrassed to take it?
It seems that you have been spying on me a lot
This Son wants to kill you, why be afraid of angels?
You take yourself too seriously.
Then let me see how you plan to kill me
In the time you have left
Keep your eyes open
See clearly
How the Bible Slaughtered You Today
Brother Qin is indeed not fluent at all
When you go into battle, you use the power of scales
Han Dou Chop in the Snow
I see how this waste of the gas practitioner can hide
Fighting Ability Celestial Ability
It seems that the old man will die here today
The source of this arrogance is finally dying
Nothing to see.
What!